[MRG] Deprecate WMinkowskiDistance & make MinkowskiDistance accept weights (#21873)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.1.rst

  A deprecation cycle was introduced.
  :pr:`21576` by :user:`Paul-Emile Dugnat <pedugnat>`.

- |API| The `WMinkowskiDistance` metric is deprecated and will be removed in version 1.3.
  The `MinkowskiDistance` metric now takes in an optional parameter for weights.

>   This deprecation is to remain consistent with Scipy-1.8 convention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This deprecation is to remain consistent with SciPy 1.8 convention.
```

  A deprecation cycle was introduced.
  :pr:`21576` by :user:`Paul-Emile Dugnat <pedugnat>`.

> - |API| The `WMinkowskiDistance` metric is deprecated and will be removed in version 1.3.
>   The `MinkowskiDistance` metric now takes in an optional parameter for weights.
>   This deprecation is to remain consistent with SciPy 1.8 convention.
>   :pr:`21873` by :user:`Yar Khine Phyo <yarkhinephyo>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- |API| The `WMinkowskiDistance` :class:`sklearn.metrics.DistanceMetric` is
  deprecated and will be removed in version 1.3.
  The :class:`sklearn.metrics.MinkowskiDistance` metric now takes in
  an optional parameter for weights.
  This deprecation aims at remaining consistent with SciPy 1.8 convention.
  :pr:`21873` by :user:`Yar Khine Phyo <yarkhinephyo>`
```

  A deprecation cycle was introduced.
  :pr:`21576` by :user:`Paul-Emile Dugnat <pedugnat>`.

> - |API| The `WMinkowskiDistance` :class:`sklearn.metrics.DistanceMetric` is deprecated
>   and will be removed in version 1.3. The :class:`sklearn.metrics.MinkowskiDistance` metric
>   now takes in an optional parameter for weights. This deprecation aims at remaining consistent
>   with SciPy 1.8 convention. :pr:`21873` by :user:`Yar Khine Phyo <yarkhinephyo>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |API| The `"wminkoski"` metric of :class:`sklearn.metrics.DistanceMetric` is deprecated
  and will be removed in version 1.3. Instead the existing `"minkoski"` metric now takes
  in an optional `w` parameter for weights. This deprecation aims at remaining consistent
  with SciPy 1.8 convention. :pr:`21873` by :user:`Yar Khine Phyo <yarkhinephyo>`
```
